README.md, before:

# ticketing-search-app
Implementation of a (Kotlin) CLI application to search ticketing data and return results 
in a human readable format.

## Pre-Requisites
- git on bash
- JDK ==> 14
- Gradle ==> 6+
- Kotlin ==> 1.3+

## Install
```bash
# Clone the repo
$ git clone git@github.com:abbasdgr8/ticketing-search-app.git

# Change into the directory
$ cd ticketing-search-app

# Initiate the gradle build
$ ./gradlew clean build
```

## Run tests
```bash
# Runs all Unit Tests in the project
$ ./gradlew clean test

# Runs all Unit Tests in a specific test class
$ ./gradlew clean test --tests fully.qualified.ClassName
```

If you'd like to run and modify tests independently in IntelliJ, you need to install the [Spek Framework Plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/10915-spek-framework)

## Usage
```bash
# Runs the main class (App.kt)
$ ./gradlew run
```

## Notes
### Tech Debt / TODOs
- [ ] Add build and code coverage badges to repo
- [ ] Add a plugin that calculates Test Coverage during build

### Assumptions
- [ ] It is acceptable to use [given input data](https://github.com/abbasdgr8/ticketing-search-app/tree/develop/src/test/resources/json) for arriving at the basic search functionality.
- [ ] It is possible that some of the given input data could be invalid and so there need to be cases to handle that scenario
- [ ] All input data would be of size that could be easily loaded into the JVM memory; thereby eliminating the need of data persistence.

Commit message:

Changed package structure to better represent an MVC application

README.md, after:

# ticketing-search-app
Implementation of a (Kotlin) CLI application to search ticketing data and return results 
in a human readable format.

In order to standardise feature development and ensure separation of concerns, this has been
developed as a Model-View-Controller application.

## Pre-Requisites
- git on bash
- JDK ==> 14
- Gradle ==> 6+
- Kotlin ==> 1.3+

## Install
```bash
# Clone the repo
$ git clone git@github.com:abbasdgr8/ticketing-search-app.git

# Change into the directory
$ cd ticketing-search-app

# Initiate the gradle build
$ ./gradlew clean build
```

## Run tests
```bash
# Runs all Unit Tests in the project
$ ./gradlew clean test

# Runs all Unit Tests in a specific test class
$ ./gradlew clean test --tests fully.qualified.ClassName
```

If you'd like to run and modify tests independently in IntelliJ, you need to install the [Spek Framework Plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/10915-spek-framework)

## Usage
```bash
# Runs the main class (App.kt)
$ ./gradlew run
```

## Notes
### Tech Debt / TODOs
- [ ] Add build and code coverage badges to repo
- [ ] Add a plugin that calculates Test Coverage during build

### Assumptions
- [ ] It is acceptable to use [given input data](https://github.com/abbasdgr8/ticketing-search-app/tree/master/src/test/resources/json) for arriving at the basic search functionality.
- [ ] It is possible that some of the given input data could be invalid and so there need to be cases to handle that scenario
- [ ] All input data would be of size that could be easily loaded into the JVM memory; thereby eliminating the need of data persistence.
